good chained the chorded strings that's
more difficult than open agreements
but basic it's pretty much the same
principle for working them you take
two chords bar is different or a
bar agreement and an open deal and you
chained slowly playing a
each time for example a major fact
1 the minor
and you are constantly trying to have
the fingers that will make the way the
shortest possible to have a maximum
of movement savings in fact all
the advice I gave for
open agreements applies to agreements
barred it's just harder but it
is working the same way there is
however two three little things that
we can note in relation to the agreements
barred that will complicate things and
which one must be aware of first
compared to open agreements we have very
very few pivoting fingers in the
strings of chords crossed out it's
relatively rare and me tech for
evolan quote that two or three who have
ags of pivotal fingers so if you
have worked the agreements open the
open body requests you have
learned what are the pivot audois you
have learned to use them to
to chain and to make your life easier
and there you do not have them so that's
one of the things that breaks that complicates
all this another chance also of which we have
spoken for open chords this was the
advice that I had given you
to learn to tackle all beautiful dunks
or try to make the deal up in
party and plates and all of a sudden it
helps you a lot for
chord sequences open for a
agreement seemed extremely difficult
finally it's extremely it's a lot
harder to put your fingers in
the air and to flatten everything at once
we're not going to do exactly the same
thing for low raymond has agreements
rather split them into two phases if we
wants on one side the bar and on the other
side the fingers in the air that leans
suddenly you can do it either
starting with the bar and then with the
other fingers be the audois then the
bar is basically we're going over
try to make all the agreement in one go
we will cut it in two steps
separate
outside of that he's also
anticipation that is done very
different in the term warrants
barred body in relation to the document
okay open since we had
learned in the novels open agreement
to lift your fingers
and to leave the bodies of those born to
vacuum between two chords to
the web a little bit more
melodic and more pleasant to the ear
this chords bar and that will be done of
very different way and we'll talk about it
in the fourth part devoted to
this technique
so apart from that the rest is the
same thing as I say them it's
works the same way begins
slowly with two chords
ate of them then three and then
four
we accelerate little by little and we try
always aim for maximum savings
of movement in order to get there the best
possible
so now that I told you everything
that and that I reminded you of his
basic advice
we will go to the second part
to see quite specific cases that
concerns barred tuning dwellings
to other agreements stranded ya
things that will greatly benefit you
Make life easier
if you become aware of it then we will
see this together and before you can
always join us on facebook.com
buy 4 to guitar and twitter.com
loud acoustic slashtags and well we
simply by plating the
first agreement we will take off slightly
of the fingers we will actually release the
pressure we do not want to take off
some ropes
we want to keep in touch with
strings that's very important
you will see why